Rework pacing phrasing (#36)
quicwg/datagram: draft-ietf-quic-datagram.md

DATAGRAM frames employ the QUIC connection's congestion controller. As a
result, a connection might be unable to send a DATAGRAM frame generated by the
application until the congestion controller allows it {{!RFC9002}}. The sender
implementation MUST either delay sending the frame until the controller allows
it or drop the frame without sending it (at which point it MAY notify the

> application). Implementations that use packet pacing ({{Section 7.7 of RFC9002}})
> SHOULD take care to not drop DATAGRAM frames due to the transmission delays
> used for pacing, to avoid excessive packet drops.

Reviewer: Incorrect pacing would cause datagram frame loss, not packet loss. Here's a slightly tweaked phrasing:

```suggestion
application). Implementations that use packet pacing ({{Section 7.7 of RFC9002}})
SHOULD take care to avoid excessively dropping DATAGRAM frames due to the
transmission delays used for pacing.
```

That said, as an implementer I'm not sure what this sentence tells me: "take care" is very vague. What's a concrete solution? Keeping pacing credits available in case datagrams come in?

Author: Realistically, it's "don't drop a frame just because you're pacing". This came from https://github.com/quicwg/datagram/issues/16 originally.

@DavidSchinazi happy to take any suggested text here.

Reviewer: If the application passes a datagram to the transport and the transport can't send it right away due to pacing, what's the transport supposed to do? If I shouldn't drop it what am I supposed to do instead?

Reviewer 2: I think that the phrasing you want is:
> Implementations that use pacing (#REF) can delay the sending of DATAGRAM frames to maintain consistent packet pacing. DATAGRAM frames that are delayed too much might not meet delay constraints imposed by an application, in which case they can be dropped.

No normative language, nothing about trying to avoid excessive drops, delay comment applies to both sources of delay (CC and pacing).  You might then add an implementation note:

> Implementations might need to balance the sending constraints imposed by congestion control and pacing against the delay constraints imposed by applications.

I don't really think that's necessary though.
